[Music]
six psychological habits that make a
person a loser there's nothing wrong
with being a selfless person who's ready
and willing to help others but when is
putting others before ourselves too much
and how does this keep us from
fulfilling our own hopes and dreams
never saying no there are more of other
people's tasks on your to-do list than
your own helping consulting looking
after buying lending you seem to be at
everyone else's service and if you're
asked what these people have ever done
for you you could spend the rest of your
life trying to think of an answer any of
this sound familiar
then houston we have a problem
the truth is you don't owe anyone
anything we're all responsible adults
who can take care of ourselves and solve
our own problems make your own tasks and
goals your number one priority if
someone tries to say that you're selfish
because of this they're probably just
trying to manipulate your feelings
before blindly extending a helping hand
to someone ask yourself if this person
in fact profits from being saved all the
time what they do the same for you if
not and it's not worth your time effort
and resources always looking for
approval
tons of people struggle with this
psychological problem every day they
don't feel confident enough in
themselves so they constantly try to get
approval from people whose opinions are
important to them they do something just
to be praised or complimented by their
boss colleagues friends and relatives
there's nothing wrong with a pat on the
back for a job well done
but if you only feel good about yourself
when someone else gives you positive
feedback then you've got some things to
work on you have to know that you're
good enough and that you don't have to
prove it instead of looking for approval
use your energy to work towards your
goals and dreams develop your
professional skills nurture your hobbies
take care of your health and do all
these things for you with time your
confidence will blossom and your need
for others approval disappear
[Music]
smoothing things over you avoid
confrontation like the plague you don't
argue complain debate or stand up for
your beliefs it's easier for you to
accept the situation have patience and
be the good guy
so that you won't provoke any conflict
but if you don't assert your opinion
nobody will ever know that you have one
so the solution is simple stand up for
what you believe in just like every
person you deserve the right to have a
point of view and be heard and who cares
if somebody disagrees you can't please
every single person out there you don't
have to look for support from those who
sound louder or seem more confident than
you when you express yourself openly you
show your individuality how can anybody
get to know you if you're holding in
your true opinions never forget that
deserve respect is more important than a
one time smile blaming yourself for
other people's feelings
you often apologize if you can't fulfill
someone's request or magically guess
their thoughts expectations or feelings
anger offence dissatisfaction sadness
any negative emotions and other people
frighten you and make you feel guilty
take a deep breath and put down this
heavy load you're trying to carry
someone else's feelings problems and
expectations aren't your responsibility
when you're feeling strangled by guilt
think about this what effort did that
person make to solve their own problem
why do they have time to whine and
suffer if the problem still hasn't been
resolved if a person constantly makes
you feel guilty for not doing what they
want it's their own fault do you really
need people like this in your life the
faster you cut ties with them the better
not setting boundaries this problem just
like the problem of never saying no is
common in people pleasers it's one thing
to agree to do something if you have the
time and are willing but it's a whole
other level when you drop your own plans
just to help someone else
your best friend is freaking out again
because she can't find a babysitter so
you cancel your dinner and a movie with
your boyfriend just to drive across town
and take care of her little one
it might seem harmless but when is
enough enough
you can't please and save everyone all
the time know your limit and be
assertive are you going away for the
weekend tell the team you can work on
the project until Friday and that's it
period of course it won't be easy since
everyone's already gotten used to you
always coming to the rescue but with
time and persistence it'll become your
new norm set boundaries and don't over
stretch yourself doing things you don't
like phase one of this problem involves
getting stuck in someone else's requests
and rarely declining new ones your time
gets chopped up into tiny pieces none of
which are yours you have to allocate
time in your life for work rest
housework hobbies or whatever you like
be ruthless and don't give up this time
you've set aside for you phase two is
way more complicated if you know in your
heart that you don't really like your
job or certain people in your life this
rut has got you feeling down it's time
to take action and stop torturing
yourself figure out what makes you
miserable and erase it from your life
you deserve to wake up with a smile on
your face every single day are you
guilty of any of these bad habits tell
us in the comment section below don't
forget to hit the like button and share
this video with your friends so they can
break these psychological chains to
subscribe to our channel to stay on the
bright side